
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

## Overview

Gridwegen is a simplified, scalable implementation of the
semi-parametric stochastic weather generator developed by
Steinscheneider and Brown (2013).

## Installation

If you haven’t already done, first install
[R](https://cran.r-project.org/bin/windows/base/) and an R IDE,
preferably [Rstudio](https://posit.co/download/rstudio-desktop/). Next,
install the development version of **weathergenr** from github, using
*devtools*:

``` r
install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("Deltares/weathergenr")
```

## Quick start

Below, you will find several work in progress tutorials:

<br /> [Getting
started](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/Deltares/weathergenr/blob/dev/vignettes/Getting_started.html)
<br /> [Simple climate stress
test](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/Deltares/weathergenr/blob/dev/vignettes/Climate_stress_test.html)

## Licence

Copyright (c) 2019, Deltares

Licensed under the MIT License.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
“Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
